nba
Memphis Grizzlies vs Portland Trail Blazers: Grizzlies +3
When the NBA restart schedule was released, this was the first game that caught my eye and my exact thought was this will be a great day to catch the points with the Memphis Grizzlies.

This game opened up as a pick'em, but my feeling all along was that the public money would start to come in on the Trail Blazers, mainly because the Trail Blazers are an experienced team that was just in the Western Conference just last season. Well, that's not the same Trail Blazers team that will take the court today. To be fair, Jusuf Nurkic is back and has looked good in the seeding round games but this Trail Blazers team has been under .500 all season long when the season came to a pause.

Portland was 29-37, they were 3.5 games behind the Grizzlies for the eighth seed in the Western Conference, on February 12th right before the All-Star break the Grizzlies and Trail Blazers played in Memphis. The Grizzlies were 3.5-point favorites that night and won the game by seven points. I remember cashing that ticket before heading to Chicago for the All-Star break.

These seeding round games will be heavily bet with a lot of public money coming in. The nationally televised games will be even more heavily bet, this game is on NBA TV at 4pm ET, so I can see the public driving this number up to Trail Blazers -4.5. I don't think it will matter but I would try to get the best number on the Grizzlies that you can and sprinkle something on the money line.

Sacramento Kings vs San Antonio Spurs: Kings -3.5

The San Antonio Spurs have made the playoffs in 19 straight seasons, but unfortunately for Spurs fans that comes to an end this season.

The future in the West will be the Sacramento Kings and the days of that franchise being a doormat in the West is coming to an end. The San Antonio Spurs had a record of 27-36 when the season came to a pause, the actual play on the court was worst than that.

The Spurs suffered through an eight-game losing streak and a five-game losing streak this season, not to mention their leading scorer LaMarcus Aldridge was ruled out for the season weeks ago. The Kings, on the other hand, have the look of a team that has come to life. Before the pause, they were 7-3 with some pretty impressive wins. Luke Walton's team is led by the fiery young backcourt of De'Aaron Fox and Buddy Hield, but unfortunately for the Kings, Marvin Bagley was injured in the bubble and is out for the season. The last time the Kings and Spurs played was right before the All-Star break as Sacramento beat the Spurs by 20 that night. We just need them to win by four today.

People's Parlay: Orlando Magic moneyline / Washington Wizards +7 (+157)

DFS Plays

Make sure you check our FullTime Fantasy for our premium DFS advice.

PG/SG James Harden, Houston Rockets

DraftKings: $11,000 FanDuel: $10,600

Harden and the Rockets take on their in-state rival Mavericks to close day two in the bubble. Harden is the most skilled offensive player in the league so look for him to get off to a hot start. Houston and Dallas both have something to play for as far as seeding goes, so Harden should play normal minutes.

PG/SG Devin Booker, Phoenix Suns

DraftKings: $8,800 FanDuel:$8,000

Booker is in a good spot today. Let's just say that the undermanned Washington Wizards are defensively challenged. Guards that can score tend to go off versus the Wizards, and I can see Booker hanging 40 on them today.

SG/SF Caris Levert, Brooklyn Nets

DraftKings: $7,800 FanDuel: $8,200

Levert is a real chalky play and will be heavily owned in today's contest, I'm not going to use him in all my lineups but it would be silly not to have exposure to the Nets' main offensive weapon.

PF/C Rui Hachimura, Washington Wizards

DraftKings: $7,800 FanDuel: $5,600

The Wizards, much like the Brooklyn Nets, are taking their skeleton squad into the bubble without scorers Bradley Beal and David Bertans. Hachimura will have to pick up the scoring for Washington.

PF/C Brandon Clarke, Memphis Grizzlies

DraftKings: $4,100 FanDuel: $4,600

Ja Morant isn't the only rookie in Memphis that can play, Brandon Clarke has some game as well and the Trail Blazers struggle big time against opposing power forwards and Clarke shoots 40% from three.

Are the Boston Celtics for real? It’s a question we’ve been left to ponder for four and a half months with the 2019-20 NBA season on pause amid the coronavirus pandemic. And even though no official games have been played in that span, the C’s seem to be emerging as a popular dark-horse contender among basketball pundits. Boston, which currently occupies the third seed in the Eastern Conference behind the Milwaukee Bucks and Toronto Raptors, is stocked with talent, and the overall unpredictability of the NBA campaign moving forward just might open the door for a surprise champion. ESPN.com on Monday published its power rankings, which also featured a breakdown of the best- and worst-case scenarios for all 22 teams participating in the league’s restart inside the Orlando bubble. The Celtics checked in at No. 7, one spot behind the Miami Heat and one spot ahead of the Houston Rockets. Here’s what NBA analyst Tim Bontemps wrote of Boston’s outlook: Best-case scenario: Jayson Tatum continues his ascent to superstardom, Kemba Walker’s knee isn’t an issue and, Boston’s combination of versatility and length gets the Celtics back to the NBA Finals for the first time in a decade. Worst-case scenario: The Celtics find themselves matched up with the rival 76ers in the first round. And while former Celtic Al Horford’s fit in Philly has been awkward at best, the Sixers’ size will send Boston home from the bubble in the first round. More Celtics: Brad Stevens Highlights Importance Of Marcus Smart As NBA Restart Nears The Celtics aren’t ranked too highly in Monday’s power rankings — which reflect voting results from a group of more than 40 reporters, insiders and editors, per ESPN.com — but there’s reason to be optimistic about Brad Stevens’ bunch. Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown have made significant strides this season, while Kemba Walker has been able to use the NBA’s lengthy hiatus as an opportunity to get healthy. Gordon Hayward and Marcus Smart also are capable of making an impact on any given night. Perhaps the biggest question will center around Boston’s front-court depth and whether the Celtics have enough firepower to protect the rim. If Enes Kanter and/or Daniel Theis steps up, the C’s will be a tough out in the playoffs.

James Harden scored 49 points in a 153-149 overtime victory over the Dallas Mavericks, but it was the Houston Rockets' defensive effort that the former MVP wanted to highlight.

Another fine offensive night from Harden saw him move past Calvin Murphy to become the player with the second-most points in the franchise's history, behind only Hakeem Olajuwon.
With Russell Westbrook adding 31 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists too, it was a fine outing for Houston's leading duo, though Harden was quick to defer praise to the collective performance at the other end of the court.
"It's not even about the points," Harden told ESPN on the court after the game. "Our effort was there continuously throughout the course of the night against one of the best offenses in this league. They were going to be tough from the beginning of the game and we had to stay with it, even when we were down by double digits. We kept fighting, especially on the defensive end and forced overtime. We wanted to stay with it and give ourselves a chance at the end of the game. We did that. Our confidence defensively was building, especially in that fourth quarter. We kept pushing the tempo, kept fighting."
Luka Doncic had a triple-double for the Mavs — his NBA-leading 15th of the season — but went just one-for-nine from three-point range, while Trey Burke added 31 points from the bench having drained eight of his 10 attempts from beyond the arc.

"We are a young team. We have got a lot to learn," Doncic said. "We will get better, for sure. I know we are going to get together when it matters most, so I'm not worried about that."

The Utah Jazz and the New Orleans Pelicans get the call to tip-off the restart of the NBA season.

We all knew the Pelicans would be on once the restart plan came into play. NBA television partners know that Zion Williamson brings big ratings, Williamson is questionable for tonight's matchup, but I would expect him to give it a go.

In this eight-game seeding round, the Pelicans will be on television six times which means we will never get a true number on the New Orleans basketball team. There is too much media hype around Zion, much like LeBron James. I don't want to underestimate the Pelicans because they were playing good basketball before the season paused, but they should not be laying multiple points to the Utah Jazz.

On March 11th, the Jazz had a record of 41-23, New Orleans had a record of 28-36, explain to me how they are three-point favorites in this game?

The answer is this. When this line first opened up, Utah was a 1.5 point favorite. Then, the Zion Williamson loving public bettors pushed this number all the way up to Pelicans -3. As we get closer to game time it could be even higher.

New Orleans will be the public bettors' darling, but we cash tickets on this side. Take the Jazz +3 and batter the moneyline. The total in this game opened up at 218 and has been bet up to 227, I'm not sure what to do an almost 10-point line jump so I will leave that alone.

Full disclosure, I probably will not be betting a side on this game until halftime, but I'm leaning towards taking the Clippers +4.

These Clipper / Laker games are very hard to handicap. First of all, they are made for television events, I'm a "League Pass" kind of guy; I make my money on the games people don't watch to watch!

The Clippers and Lakers have played three times this season, with the Clippers winning two out of the three. The most recent game was on March 8th when the Lakers won by nine points and were playing their best ball of the season.

Tonight will be a little different. Anthony Davis has an eye issue but he is planning on playing, the Clippers will be without Lou Williams and Montrezl Harrell, and Patrick Beverley is also questionable. This game is really just a Disney sponsored exhibition since these two teams have nothing to play for in the seeding round. Both teams are pretty much locked into their seeds (Lakers with a 5.5-game lead over the Clippers), but when it's L.A. vs L.A. it will be a big deal, so I can see the players playing their best tonight. In fact, I can see this game being so intense that it could actually go to overtime so I'm taking the over.
